Dk/matchers rewrite (#6007)
chef/inspec: docs-chef-io/content/inspec/matchers.md

    weight = 40
+++

> Chef InSpec uses **matchers**, a testing framework based on [RSpec](https://rspec.info/), to help compare resource values to expectations. The following matches are available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chef InSpec uses **matchers**, a testing framework based on [RSpec](https://rspec.info/), to help compare resource values to expectations. The following matchers are available:
```

> Chef InSpec includes **Matchers** testing framework inherited from **RSpec**, a unit test framework for the Ruby programming language. The following testing framework compares resource values to expectations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chef InSpec uses **matchers**, a testing framework based on [RSpec](https://rspec.info/), to help compare resource values to expectations. The following matches are available:
```

- [`be`](#be) - makes numeric comparisons.
- [`be_in`](#be_in) - looks for the property value in a list.
- [`cmp`](#cmp) - checks the equality (general-use).
- [`eq`](#eq) - checks the type-specific equality.
- [`include`](#include) - looks for an expected value in a list-valued property.
- [`match`](#match) - looks for patterns in text using regular expressions.

You can use any matcher provided by [RSpec::Expectations](https://relishapp.com/rspec/rspec-expectations/docs); however, these matchers are not [supported by InSpec](/inspec/inspec_and_friends/#rspec).

> See [Explore Chef InSpec resources](https://learn.chef.io/modules/explore-inspec-resources#/) on **Learn Chef** to learn more about InSpec's built-in matchers.

Reviewer: The page/URL changed
```suggestion
See [Test Expectations with Chef InSpec](https://learn.chef.io/courses/course-v1:chef+Inspec101+Perpetual/about) on **Learn Chef** to learn more about InSpec's built-in matchers.
```

> See [Test Expectations with Chef InSpec](https://learn.chef.io/courses/course-v1:chef+Inspec101+Perpetual/about) on **Learn Chef** to learn more about InSpec's built-in matchers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Test Expectations with Chef InSpec](https://learn.chef.io/courses/course-v1:chef+Inspec101+Perpetual/about) on Learn Chef to learn more about Chef InSpec's built-in matchers.
```

## be

> This matcher can follow different comparison operators. Use numbers and not strings for these comparisons. For Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `be` matcher with comparison operators, and use numbers and not strings for these comparisons. For example:
```

    weight = 40
+++

> Chef InSpec includes **Matchers** testing framework inherited from **RSpec**, a unit test framework for the Ruby programming language. The Chef InSpec utilizes **Matchers** for comparing resource values to expectations. The following matchers are available:

Reviewer: These sentences are repeating each other.

end
```

## eq

Test for exact equality of two values.

> Examples:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`eq` tests for exact equality of two values. For example:
```

```ruby
describe sshd_config do
  its('RSAAuthentication') { should_not eq 'no' }
  its('Protocol') { should eq '2' }
end
```

`eq` fails if types do not match. When comparing configuration entries that take numerical values, do not use quotes as it becomes a string.

```ruby
its('Port') { should eq '22' }
# passes

its('Port') { should eq 22 }
# fails: '2' != 2 (string vs integer)
```

> Use `cmp` for less restrictive comparisons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use [`cmp`](#cmp) for less restrictive comparisons.
```

## cmp

> Unlike `eq`, `cmp` is a matcher for less restrictive comparisons. It tries to fit the actual value to the type you are comparing. This matcher is meant to relieve the user from having to write type-casts and resolutions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike [`eq`](#eq), `cmp` is a matcher for less restrictive comparisons. It tries to fit the actual value to the type you are comparing. This matcher is meant to relieve the user from having to write type-casts and resolutions.
```

end
```

The `cmp` matcher compares values in the following ways:

> - Compares strings to numbers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cmp` can compare strings to numbers:
```

end
```

> `cmp` matcher is allowed in the following comparisions:

Reviewer: The original text was better. Or maybe something like: 

```suggestion
The `cmp` matcher compares values in the following ways:
```

> ### Compares strings to numbers

Reviewer: This shouldn't be a heading.

> ### Compares strings to numbers

Reviewer: These probably shouldn't be headings (same with the other heading changes below). It sets off the text after the heading as being separate from the introduction sentence above.

end
```

> - Compares strings that are not case-sensitive

Reviewer: This is edit is saying something different from the original text. 

cmp makes comparisons regardless of the case (title, lower, upper, etc...) So "raw" and "RAW" are equivalent to cmp and would pass a test, but the same comparison using eq would fail.

end
```

> ### Compares strings that are not case-sensitive

Reviewer: This also shouldn't be a heading.

end
```

> - Recognizes versions embedded in strings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cmp` recognizes versions embedded in strings:
```

> ### Recognizes versions embedded in strings

Reviewer: This shouldn't be a heading.

```ruby
describe package('curl') do
  its('version') { should cmp > '7.35.0-1ubuntu2.10' }
end
```

> ### Compares arrays with an entry to a value

Reviewer: The original text was better, also shouldn't be a heading. Maybe "Compares arrays with a single entry to a value. For example:"

> - Compares arrays with a single entry to a value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cmp` can compare arrays with a single entry to a value:
```

end
```

> ### Compares single-value arrays of strings to a regex

Reviewer: shouldn't be a heading

Reviewer: Also, that's not really what it's comparing. This is like the previous example. It compares an array with a single value to a regular expression (regex). So something like this: "Compares a single-value array with a string to a regex. For example:

> - Compares a single-value array with a string to a regex

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cmp` can compare a single-value array with a string to a regular expression:
```

```ruby
describe auditd_conf do
  its('log_format') { should cmp /raw/i }
end
```

> - cmp allows octal comparisions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cmp` allows octal comparisions:
```

> ### Compares improved octal printing

Reviewer: Shouldn't be a heading. Also that's not what's happening here. In this example, files have permissions which can be represented by a string of numbers. The example is testing if the file has the correct permissions. I'm not sure what's improved about this, but something like this is probably better:

"`cmp` allows octal comparisons. For example:"

got: 0444
```

## include

> Verifies if a value is included in a list. For Example:

Reviewer: "Example" shouldn't be capitalized. Same with the others below.

> Verifies if a value is included in a list. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`include` verifies if a value is included in a list. For example:
```

got: 0444
```

## include

> Verifies if a value is included in a list.
> 
> Example:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verifies if a value is included in a list. For example:

```

Reviewer: Same suggestion from above 👆  with the Example lines below 👇

## be_in

> Verifies if an item is included in a list. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`be_in` verifies if an item is included in a list. For example:
```

## match

> Check if a string matches a regular expression. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`match` checks if a string matches a regular expression. For example:
```
